Targeting: The targeting variant allows the players to complete the Quests in any order they see fit adding a level of strategic planning into the game.

During the Team phase, the Leader chooses both which players to be on the Team and which Quest the Team will attempt to complete. Use the included Round marker to indicate which Quest the Leader selected. The number of players chosen to be on the Team must correspond to the number required for that Quest. 

The 5th Quest cannot be attempted until at least two other Quests have been completed successfully. 

For games with 7 or more players, the 4th Quest still requires two Fails to be played in the Quest phase to be a failed Quest.


Plot & Loyalty Cards: The Loyalty cards are used only if you are playing with the optional Plot cards contained in the Resistance. Some Plot cards require a player to reveal their identity, but in the Resistance: Avalon Merlin's identity must be kept secret even if his loyalty can be revealed.

Use Loyalty cards instead of your Character card whenever you are subject to a Plot card that reveals your Character card. You must use the Loyalty card that corresponds to the loyalty on your Character card. Using the wrong Loyalty card will result in losing the game.


Lady of the Lake & Loyalty Cards: The Lady of the Lake token is an optional player ability. The player with the Lady of the Lake will e able to look at the loyalty of another player. Unlike the other character powers, the player that has this ability is open information.

At the beginning o the game, give the Lady of the Lake token to the player on the Leader's right. Immediately after the 2nd, 3rd, and 4tj Quest is resolved, the player with the Lady of the Lake token will choose one player to examine. The player being examined will receive the pair of Loyalty cards and pass the cards corresponds to the loyalty of their Character card to the Lady of the Lake. Using the wrong Loyalty card will result in losing the game.

The Lady of the Lake may discuss, but cannot reveal the Loyalty card passed.

The player being examine receives the Lady of the Lake token. The Lady of the Lake will only be used three times in the game. A player that used Lady of the Lake cannot have the Lady used on them. 

Note: the lady of the Lake is best saved for games of 7 or more people. Adding the Lady of the Lake into a game will make the Good side more powerful and win more often.
